We hit a hard emulator wall here when we wanted to cleanlyinto 
the host V abi with network

it led us to 3 boxes... exec and 2 things i forgot :D 
but be withe me, i dont think we can "hand" in thisas we was
to really get the hang of the hyperv commands for intel
its seems to be like a command wrapper that lets it flow
so vmx works and some C3?? lets not forget about C3
and that we i think ID vms by it


#either way we have a wall because perhaps GPU
can be handed in but after long long talk it revealed
that consequentally tis LEVEL 0 , level 0,5 exact
and where exactly the hypervisor lives on lonux and windows
it was pretty mentally clear that its immieaditly
and impossible endevour to even try had that in.

ther is no "multiplexing" to the hypervisor.
deeper levels of virtualization works differently
plus i jet did not find out what exactly it would
actually yield besides keeping it simple flat = why not
still
there is a deeper truth here about what we do with 
vm and such in the real world at work etc.
not the obvious once, the more subtle once,
that would give a meaning to Layers for our
VM/COntainer like trueos-vm (minios) based vmx

but here i will stop phylosophy and ask ai perhaps
but only after i try to use "network" on the baremetal system
where there is clarly a hypervisor and we are not
ad linux guest vm on it (no qemu).

any how would be really cool to recall what was the
actual raw hardware lmit we was dealing with when 
hv start launced the vm and we entered net tcp shellthen
we hit a limit even tho we handed it in, commandskernel flow
raw device access etc...

whateveer there must be easy or decent or optimal solutions
perhaps mutliple paths for us as we are actually for the first tim ein full control
about where and how stuff will flow on our platform






we can allow for 10 level deep so our attempt to boot that once recursively, will friendly stop at 10

Considered level cap scheme design
Yes. That is a good constraint, and it turns the idea from “infinite weirdness” into a defined system property.

Make the level model explicit and hard-bounded:

MAX_VM_LEVEL = 10
current_level travels in the VM launch context
child launch requires child_level = current_level + 1
if child_level > MAX_VM_LEVEL, return a normal typed error, not a fault
The important part is to make this architectural, not just a shell-side check. The kernel hypervisor ABI should enforce it, and the hv command should present it cleanly. Then recursion stops because the platform says “policy limit reached,” not because something crashes.

A solid behavior would be:

L0 boots normally
each guest can ask to spawn L+1
at level 10, the next attempt returns something like VmError::MaxLevelReached { current: 10, max: 10 }
shell prints: hv: recursion limit reached at level 10; refusing to create level 11
That gives you a friendly stop and preserves the metaphor.

I would also carry a lineage record in every VM context:

root_vm_id
parent_vm_id
level
generation
lineage_hash
That will matter later for snapshot/restore and for proving that an L7 guest restored on another host still knows where it sits in the recursive tree.

The real win is that once “level” becomes first-class, lots of policy gets simpler:

resource budgets can shrink by level
capabilities can degrade by level
L2+ can switch from hardware-faithful to ABI-faithful virtualization
logging can say exactly where an exit or restore happened
If you want, the next useful step is to formalize the exact policy table for levels 0..10, meaning:

which levels may use hardware accel,
where nested VMX/SVM stops,
where ParaAccel becomes mandatory,
what metadata must survive snapshot/restore across levels.